Document the release process (#927)
raiden-network/light-client: RELEASE.md

    * [Publishing](#publishing)

## Preface
In this guide we cover the steps required to create and publish a new release of the `raiden-ts` package. To create a new release you need to update the version of the package and proceed to publish to `GitHub` and `npm`.

A new release might happen when a valid reason for it exists. Reasons for a new release include protocol upgrades, new features, bug fixes etc.

> Note! This only considers the SDK versioning and releasing and not the dApp.

Through this guide we assume that you work on a fork of the repository. We reference to the fork remote repository using `origin`, and to the Light Client repository using `upstream`.

## Preparing a new release
A new release starts with the increment of the package version. Ensure that you navigated in the project root directory.

In preparation for the release changes create a new branch:
```bash
git checkout -b prepare_release
```

Please ensure that you also update the [CHANGELOG.md](./raiden-ts/CHANGELOG.md) accordingly. You should have the changes for the new version tracked as `[Unreleased]`. You only need to replace `[Unreleased]` with the new version. 

### Increasing the version

> Initially you need to decide if the new release would require `patch`, `minor`, `major` upgrade. For more you can check the [npm version](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/version) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initially you need to decide if the new release would require `patch`, `minor`, `major` upgrade. For more information you can check the [npm version](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/version) documentation.
```

If for any reason you cannot run the script, you can proceed to prepare the release Pull Request manually.

Go to the `raiden-ts` directory to start bump the package version.

```bash
cd raiden-ts
```

Then run `npm version` to bump the version for both `package.json` and `package-lock.json`. Let's assume that we prepare for a new release containing a couple of minor bug fixes. You have to run the following command: 

```bash
npm version patch
```

Assuming `raiden-ts` was at version `0.22.0`, the command will update the package files' version tag to `0.22.1`. 

Then you need to create a new commit with the message `0.22.0->0.22.1`. After the new commit

```bash
git add package.json
git add package-lock.json
git commit -m '0.22.0->0.22.1'
```

## Creating a Pull Request
After committing the CHANGELOG changes, along with the version bump you can proceed with the creation of the Pull Request.

Push your local branch to GitHub and proceed to create a Pull Request.

```bash
git push origin -u prepare_release
```

You need one approval for your Pull Request to get merged to master. After merging to master, you need to tag the release.

## Publishing on Github

> Since you need to deal with the GitHub release interface we strongly suggested to use for the creation of the tag too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since you need to deal with the GitHub release interface we strongly suggest you use it for the creation of the tag too.
```

To draft a new GitHub release, visit the [release interface](https://github.com/kelsos/light-client/releases) and press the `Draft a new release` button. Then set `v0.22.1` as the `Tag version` and keep master as the `Target`. Then use `v0.22.1` as the release title.

Now you need prepare the release description. Don't forget to include the changelog entries for the specific version.

Proceed to publish the new release. A new release gets automatically tagged. Tagging will trigger the CI release flow that will also publish the artifact to `npm`.

## Publishing on npm

> Before we proceed to publish on npm, we need to synchronize our local master with `upstream`.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't be mentioned here that the following steps are only needed for manual publishing on `npm`, and as per above, upon GH's release, CI would do it automatically?

Author: While I mention it in the line above now that I look at it it can be confusing so I need to clarify it indeed

Author: I clarified it in the beginning now :)
